c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.exe.config
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.exe
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.pdb
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.pdb
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TravelManagement.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.CustomerRegistration.resources
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.Homepage.resources
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TravelManagement.UI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.exe
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.pdb
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\BussinessLogic.bll.dll
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.dll
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\BussinessLogic.bll.pdb
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\ClassLibrary1.pdb
c:\users\ashikpolin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\AshikPOLIN\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.HomeHelp.resources
C:\Users\AshikPOLIN\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.btnLogIn.resources
C:\Users\AshikPOLIN\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.AdminControl.resources
C:\Users\AshikPOLIN\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.User.resources
C:\Users\AshikPOLIN\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.UC.ucLogin.resources
C:\Users\AshikPOLIN\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.pageAddTours.resources
C:\Users\AshikPOLIN\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.ViewTours.resources
C:\Users\AshikPOLIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.CustomerControl.resources
C:\Users\AshikPOLIN\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TravelAgencyManagement\TreavelManagement.UI\obj\Debug\TreavelManagement.UI.Choose_Your_Tour.resources
